# Cypress / Vite Minimum Reproducible Example

First off, I want to say for context that I think both Cypress and Vite are great tools and I'm sure that I am just missing something silly here. Thanks for building such helpful tools!

## Summary
I'm noticing some freezing using Cypress Component Testing with a Vite + React + TypeScript project. After creating a brand new Vite project (using the react-ts template), adding Cypress, and configuring the component testing using the provided auto configuration I am unable to run the test, it freezes on the "Your tests are loading screen..."

## Steps to reproduce
1. Clone this repo.
1. Install dependencies: `pnpm install`
1. Run `pnpm cypress open` from the root directory.
1. When the Cypress UI appears, choose component testing and run the only test `ComponentName.cy.tsx`. After that, the test will try to load but freeze.

## Some additional context
I've distilled the set up to the following steps:

```shell
# create a new vite/react-ts project
> pnpm create vite
# name the project, choose react for framework and react-ts for variant
> cd <project> && pnpm install
> pnpm add -D cypress
> pnpm exec cypress open
# follow the automated setup steps for component testing setup from Cypress, choosing react/vite
# choose to create a new test file automatically
# change it to have a .tsx extension
# import the default created <App /> from src and add it to cy.mount()
# run the component test
```

- I've also tried `npm` just to eliminate `pnpm` as a factor.
- I've tried to keep everything as close as possible to the auto-generated files, but I've changed the following just to get things working:
  - Changed the generated `ComponentName.cy.ts` file extension to `.tsx`, so `ComponentName.cy.tsx`.
  - Imported the autogenerated `App` component from the `src/` directory (created by Vite, none of that is changed).
  - Added the `cy.mount` call for `<App />`
  - Added the `cypress/` directory to the `include` option in the `tsconfig` file.
